This is the antique we bought from the Xu family
5 million me and the stone plus your 5 million
10 million in total
Bought antiques worth 40 million
I have resold most of them.
This is the season you want
Miss Wang, there are 17 million on it
With these antiques, it's 20 million
You're right.
That's not how it works.
If it weren't for you
I can't turn 5 million into 20 million so quickly
But without your 5 million
We can't make 20 million.
Well, take it
I only take 10 million
If you were any harder
Neither my grandfather nor my father would agree
Hey okay
You helped me make so much money
I'll treat you to dinner
You are not powerful
Then you
Can I become someone just like you?
Be my husband
Well, Miss Huang, you have drunk too much.
Late
Send Miss Huang home
I didn't drink too much
I'm serious.
Ah!
No, I'm serious.
Don't move. I'm serious.
Okay, okay, okay, got it.
A little trouble
See if I have to see him less in the future